intro: line in R R2 R3, intrinsic view, generalised stokes as analog to FTC
	
Manifolds
	Manifold def: to retrieve this intrinsic view, zoom in, look around, it is a line so a 1 manifold. earth is a sphere, but to you it looks like a plane, it is a 2-manifold. 
		if formal def:
			Manifolds w boundary: There are surfaces that dont fully fit into this definition like the hemisphere. The neighborhood of a point on its boundary is not 				homeomorphic to a Euclidean space, because it is not an open set. For this, we restrict the co-domain of the homeomorphism to the Euclidean Half space.
		if not formal def:
			give more structure: manifolds with boundary.need not have; sphere. could: hemisphere
	tangent spaces: Imagine a sphere in \mathbb{R}^3. At each point on the sphere, there is a tangent plane. This tangent plane is eaasy to retrieve for this surface in \mathbb{R}^3. 		But how does one retrieve this for the sphere as a manifold?
		directional derivatives, velocity as the tangent/ derivative

   
    
Diff forms:
	why : integration. Riemann integration and where that fails on manifolds. eg integration of a constant func over a sphere of two radii: surface area. the two spheres are indistinguishable(diffeomorphic) as manifolds. At each point on the manifold, we need a way to measure the area of infinitesimal rectangles made of tangent vectors in a manner independent of coordinates and a k-form does exactly this. takes k vectors (from VS) and returns the area of the infinitesimal parallelogram spanned by these vectors. sphere example. multilinearity and antisymmetry come hand in hand with notion of k-volume, dets

		if tensor structure:
			multilin map from V^k to R. tensor pdt: combine k and l tensor. like a direct product. alternating tensors: simple parallelogram example.
			alt(T). wedge product.
			
			tensor str of diff forms. 

	forms as measuring tapes
	Consistent way to measure k-volume of a k manifold: 7th standard method. count squares inside the fugure, mult by area(weight of each square). volume example. 
		The idea: Mesh of points

	Motivating other orderforms
		Visualise a k-form on Rn as a stack of n-k dimensional hyperplanes. why? you want a mesh of points on the k dim submanifold. But also, you want to define this form on M(Rn) so the other n-k dimentions you let vary. gives an n-k plane at each point. 
	

	basis k-forms: measuring tapes along the k hyperplanes.

Exterior derivative:

	algebra
	
	Taking the exterior derivative of a k-form essentially asks, “What is the boundary of this structure?”
	the xdy example, 
		x: increasing density with magnitude of x 
		dy: change along y axis so lines are orthogonal to y
	=> creation of lines => boundary.

	the boundary is a similar notion to dx dy = d(x dy)


STOKES:
	just explain the figure
	
